Update changelog for v0.4.1 (#101)
ASFHyP3/gis-services: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.4.1]
### Added

> - Parameters in `nasa-disasters` services to update service timeouts and repair cycle interval

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Parameters in `nasa_disasters` services to set custom service timeouts and repair cycle interval
```
